## Contribution Guidelines

Thank you for considering contributing to this project! Contributions are
welcome and greatly appreciated. To maintain a productive and inclusive
community, please follow these guidelines when contributing to this repository:

1. **Fork the repository**: Before making any changes, fork the repository to
your own GitHub account.

2. **Create a branch**: Create a new branch for your contribution. This helps
keep the main branch clean and allows for easier collaboration.

3. **Commit messages**: Write clear and descriptive commit messages that
explain the purpose of your changes.

4. **Code style**: Maintain a consistent code style with the existing project.
Follow any style guides or conventions outlined in the project's documentation.

5. **Test your changes**: If applicable, write tests to ensure that your
changes are functioning as intended. Run the existing tests to make sure they
pass before submitting your changes.

6. **Keep changes focused**: Make small, focused changes that address a
specific issue or feature. This makes it easier to review and merge your
contributions.

7. **Documentation**: If you're adding new features or modifying existing
functionality, update the documentation accordingly. Provide clear and concise
explanations to help users understand the changes.

8. **Submit a pull request**: Once you are satisfied with your changes, submit
a pull request from your forked repository to the main repository. Describe
your changes and provide any additional information that might be relevant.

9. **Be responsive**: Be responsive to feedback and comments on your pull
request. Address any requested changes or questions promptly and respectfully.

10. **Respect the community**: Be kind, considerate, and inclusive when
interacting with others in the community. Respect the opinions and ideas of
fellow contributors.

By following these guidelines, you contribute to a positive and collaborative
environment where everyone can benefit from the collective efforts.

Please note that project maintainers have the final decision on accepting or
rejecting contributions. They may provide additional guidance or request
changes to ensure the overall quality and coherence of the project.

Thank you for your contributions and for being a part of this community!
